Part One
1. 
HTTP: HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol. It's the protocol used for communication between a web server and a client 
(like a web browser). It's used to transmit data over the internet in the form of web pages, images, videos, and other content.

2. 
URL: URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator. It's the address of a resource on the internet, like a web page or an image. It's 
used to locate and access resources on the web.

3.
DNS: DNS stands for Domain Name System. It's a system that translates domain names (like google.com) into IP addresses 
(like 172.217.6.174). It's what allows you to type a human-readable domain name into your web browser instead of a string of numbers.

4.
Query string: A query string is a part of a URL that contains additional data that's passed to a web server. It usually follows 
a "?" and contains key-value pairs that are separated by "&". For example, in the URL "https://www.google.com/search?q=chatgpt", 
the query string is "q=chatgpt".

5.
HTTP verbs: HTTP verbs are used to indicate the type of action being performed on a resource. Two common HTTP verbs are GET and 
POST. GET is used to retrieve information from a server, while POST is used to submit data to a server for processing.

6.
HTTP request: An HTTP request is a message sent by a client (like a web browser) to a server. It contains information about the 
resource being requested and the type of action being performed on that resource (using an HTTP verb like GET or POST).

7.
HTTP response: An HTTP response is a message sent by a server in response to an HTTP request. It contains the requested resource 
(like a web page or an image) along with other information like status codes and headers.

8.
HTTP header: An HTTP header is additional information sent along with an HTTP request or response. It contains metadata about the 
request or response, like the content type, the length of the content, and caching information. Some examples of HTTP headers 
include "Content-Type", "Cache-Control", and "User-Agent".

9.
Processes when typing a URL into a browser: When you type a URL into your web browser, several processes happen behind the scenes. 
First, the browser uses DNS to translate the domain name into an IP address. Then, the browser sends an HTTP request to the server 
at that IP address, asking for the resource specified in the URL. The server responds with an HTTP response containing the 
requested resource, along with other information like headers and status codes. Finally, the browser renders the resource in the 
browser window, displaying it for the user to see.

Part TWO:
1. curl -H "Accept: application/json" "https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate"
2. dig icanhazdadjoke.com
3.  In terminal, navigate to root directory. 
    Run command:  python3 -m http.server
    Open a browser to http://localhost:8000/servertest.html

Part THREE:
1. Build a very simple HTML form that users the GET method (it can use the same page URL for the action) when the form is submitted.
2. Add a couple fields and see how the query string changes.
3. Change the method from "GET" to "POST" and look at the request and response headers in the console.

Part FOUR:
explore https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL